#summary Installation instructions on Dreamhost web hosting

= Free hosting for non-profits =
Dreamhost offers free web hosting for non-profit organizations. See information on the hosting offer [http://www.dreamhost.com/hosting-nonprofit.html here] and [http://wiki.dreamhost.com/Non-profit_Discount here].

= Sub-domain for registration =

* Login into the [https://panel.dreamhost.com/ Dreamhost panel].
* In the Toolbox, click Manage Domains.
* Click Add New Domain.
* Enter a sub-domain of your website. For example, registration.ctmun.org.
* Select "Passenger" for this domain.
* Click "Fully host this domain"

= Create MySQL Database =

* In the [https://panel.dreamhost.com/ Dreamhost panel] Toolbox, click MySQL Databases.
* Click Add New Hostname.
* Enter a hostname with your new sub-domain, like mysql.registration.ctmun.org.
* Create a new database named "registrationdata" under the new hostname, with a new username and password. The password should be *very* secure, including characters, numbers, and special characters. Write down the username and password.

= Install Django on your sub-domain =
* Enable shell access on your Dreamhost account. See instructions [http://wiki.dreamhost.com/Enabling_Shell_Access here].
* Follow Step 4 of the Dreamhost guide for Django [http://wiki.dreamhost.com/Django here]: SSH into your server, cd into the directory for your subdomain (for example /home/username/registration.ctmun.org), and run these commands:
{{{
wget http://wiki.dreamhost.com/django-setup.py
python django-setup.py
}}}
* The script will prompt you for all the information it needs to set up Django on your sub-domain, including the MySQL database name and login. Name the project "django_regimun"

= Install RegiMUN on your sub-domain =